


pg 140 ch 6
Gonsunzan liubei vassal 
 Then Gongsun Zan said to Liu Bei, “This Yuan Shao is an incapable, and things will turns chaotic. We had better go too.” So he broke camp and went north. At Pingyuan he left Liu Bei in command and went to strengthen his own position and refresh his troops.

pg145 ch 7
Libiao vs sunjian over the seal 
At the close of the last chapter Sun Jian was surrounded. However, aided by Cheng Pu, Huang Gai, and Han Dang, he eventually fought his way through, though with the loss of more than half his troops. Sun Jian he returned to the South Land, southeast of the Great River1. Henceforward Sun Jian and Liu Biao were open enemies

Yuan confed han fu
Post confed:
entrusted to four of Yuan Shao’s confidants---Tian Feng, Ju Shou, Xu You, and Peng Ji---who speedily deprived the Imperial Protector of all power. Full of chagrin, Han Fu soon abandoned all, even his family, and rode alone to take refuge with the Governor of Chenliu, Zhang Miao

After Yuanshao tricks hanfu and gonsunzan, gonsuzan sends his brother Gonsun Yue to see whats up,
demanding some land,
GonsunYue on the way home is murdered , suspected yuan shao did it but murders
claimed to be of dongzhuos faction. 
So Gonsunzan declares war to avenge (battle at River pan)
Wen Chou fucks everyone up in gonsunzans army (Bonus EXP)
--Zhao Yun saves gonsunzan Who was serving yuan shao, but:
He bowed low and replied, “My name is Zhao Yun from Changshan. I first served Yuan Shao; but when I saw that he was disloyal to his prince and careless of the welfare of the people, I left him and I was on my way to offer service to you. This meeting in this place is most unexpected.” 

--Another battle breaks out, liu bei reinforces the losing gonsunzan
drives back Yuan Shao, Liubei meets zhao yun.

--Dongzhuo hears of this, and has LiRu somehow has them make peace,
by giving titles, liubei gets one in pingyuan too. 

pg 215 Ch10;
--After Changan Drama Lijue and gou si fight ma teng and ma sui
Ma Chao fucks everyone up.

Ch10
pg220
--Cao Cao gets Xun Yu --> Guo Jia --> Yu Jin
XiahouDun recommends Dian Wei  He was one of Zhang Miao’s people, but quarreled with his tent companions and killed some dozens of them with his fists

CH11 PG 244 LuBUs travels
 Then Lu Bu went to try Yuan Shao, who was a brother of Yuan Shu. Yuan Shao accepted the warrior and made use of him in an attack upon Zhang Yan in Changshan. But his success filled him with pride, and his arrogant demeanor so annoyed the other commanders that Yuan Shao was on the point of putting him to death. To escape this Lu Bu had gone away to Zhang Yang1, Governor of Shangdang, who accepted his services
--Where is Changshan? 
-- Zhang yang should have Shangdang town!!

--LuBu doesnt get Dong?
u Bu was in possession of Yanzhou and its neighborhood, all but three small counties of Juancheng, Fanxia, and Dongjun, which were vigorously and desperately defended by Xun Yu and Cheng Yu in concert.
 but dongjun is really puyang.. so the maps fucked so whatever



- they talk about Cheng Yu? (relation to yuan shus betrayer?)

CaoSong Dies

PG226 Ch10
Cheng Gong is admin of Dong (not presently in cao cao faction)
he tries to tell cao cao tao qians a good man, cao cao mad chen gong abandonded him
--Chen Gong leaves and Joins Zhang Miao 





Pg 156 CH 7
YuanShu refused horses from Yuan Shao
YuanShu refused supplies from liu biao on behalf of YuanShao
Yuan Shu gets Sunjian involved:
"“When Liu Biao stopped you on your way home, it was at the instigation of my brother. Now the same two have planned to fall upon your territories southeast of the Great River, wherefore you should at once strike at Liu Biao. I will capture my brother for you and both resentments will be appeased. You will get Jingzhou, and I shall have Jizhou" (jizhou is yuanshaosland?)


PG 274 ch 13 , lu bu losing to CaoCao and Shao
The news of the ghting between Cao Cao and Lu Bu
had reached Jizhou, and one of Yuan Shao’s advisers, Shen
Pei, warned him, saying, “Lu Bu is a savage beast. If he gets
 possession of Yanzhou, he will certainly attempt to add thisregion to it. For your own safety you should help to crushhim.”
Wherefore Yuan Shao sent Yan Liang with fty thousand
troops to destroy Lu Bu. The spies heard this and at oncetold Lu Bu, who was greatly disturbed and called in ChenGong

--Liu bei on taking in LuBu "“How would misfortune have been averted from Xuzhou if he had not attacked Yanzhou?He cannot be our enemy now that he comes seeking anasylum."

LubU say:
When Cao Cao with wicked ambition invadedthis region and you, Sir, came to its rescue, I aided you byattacking Yanzhou and thus diverting a portion of his force.I did not think then that I should be the victim of a vile plotand lose my leaders and my soldiers. But now if you will, Ioffer myself to you that we may together accomplish greatdesigns


--EVENT NOTE: Whether player is lu bu or not, mention zhang fei is drunk and rude, and upsetting the population. Cant mention all of attempts to duel lubu 

Pg 278 - LiJue and GuoSi drama, Han Xian is with yang feng when rescuring emperor? Zhang Ji in Louyang



Pg 299 Chapter 14
Cao Cao Moves The Court To Xuchang;
Lu Bu Night-Raids Xuzhou


PG 312- Yang feng and Han Xin escape together from cao cao to Yuan Shu

PG 313- CaoCAo manipulates liubei/lubu ruse known as ‘Rival Tigers and One Prey

Liu Bei was created General Who Conquers the
East, Lord of Yicheng, and Imperial Protector of Xuzhou as
well. At the same time a private note was enclosed.
 LiuBei shows Lu Bu the note, Then he told Lu Bu the whole story and showed him the secret letter.
 
 LiuBei sends vague response back to Cao CAo 
 "instruction would take time to plan and implement". Butthe messenger, when he saw Cao Cao, told him the story ofLiu Bei’s pledge to Lu Bu

 
 Then said Cao Cao, “The plan has failed. What next?”Xun Yu replied, “I have another trick called ‘Tiger againstWolf’
 
 “Send to Yuan Shu to say that Liu Bei has sent up a secret memorial to the Throne that he wishes to subdue the southern regions around the Huai River. 
 Yuan Shu will be angry and attack him. Then you will order Liu Bei todispose of Yuan Shu and so set them destroying each other.Lu Bu will certainly think that is his chance and turn traitor.This is the ‘Tiger against Wolf’ trick.
 
  so cao cao sends a fake edict to liu bei saying he must capture yuan shu , Mi Zhu who pronounced it aruse
  It may be,” said Liu Bei, “but the royal command is notto be disobeyed.
  
  When Yuan Shu heard that a memorial had been presented proposing to take possession of his territories, he broke outinto abuse of Liu Bei.
 
 So Yuan Shu at once gave orders to prepare an army ofone hundred thousand, under Ji Ling, to attack Xuzhou. Thetwo armies met at Xuyi

 Zhang fei gets drunk and beats Cao Bao, who claims Lu Bu is his son in law?
 
 Cao Bao invites and lets lu bu in the city
 Zhang fei flees but leaves liu beis family behind, 
 
 Liu beis response:
 Beside, Xuzhou was not really ours,and Lu Bu will not harm my family but will rather seek to preserve them. You made a mistake, worthy brother, but isit one deserving of death?
 
 
Pg 325 ch 15 
As soon as the news of Lu Bu’s successful seizure ofhis protector’s region reached Yuan Shu, Yuan Shu sent promises of valuable presents to Lu Bu to induce him to join in a further attack on Liu Bei. The presents are said to
have been fty thousand carts of grain, ve hundred horses,
ten thousand ounces of gold and silver, and a thousand rollsof colored silk, 
LuBu took bait, 

But Liu Bei heard of the
threatened attack, so he made inclement weather an excuse 
to moved his few soldiers out of Xuyi for Guangling, 

Although Gao Shun had gone to attack Liu Bei, yet LiuBei had not been destroyed, and no reward could be giventill he was actually taken.”Lu Bu railed at what he called the breach of faith andwas inclined to attack Yuan Shu himself.

However, hisadviser, Chen Gong,opposed this course,saying, “You shouldnot. Yuan Shu isin possession ofShouchun and hasa large army, wellsupplied. You are nomatch for him. Ratherask Liu Bei to take up his quarters at Xiaopei as one of yourwings and, when the time comes, let him lead the attack, both south and north. Then Yuan Shu and Yuan Shao willfall before you, and you will be very powerful.”Finding this advice good, Lu Bu sent letters to Liu Beiasking him to return

After the ight of Liu Bei, Yuan Shu attacked Guangling
and reduced Liu Bei’s force by half
LiuBei content to accept, but brothers arent.

Lu Bu returns the wives, and says he meerly saved the city from zhang fei, liu beis like,  its cool i meant to give it to u anyway

Pg 327 Sunce Stuff - ZhouXin helps wang lang , dies to sunce
Pg 350 ish SunCe on his southern campaign , yuan shu mad

Yuanshus side:
Though Liu Bei, now camped atXiaopei, could easily be taken, 
yet Lu Bu is strongly postedat the chief city near. And I think Lu Bu would help LiuBei
 if it was only for the grudge he bears against you fornot having given him the gold and studs,
 grain and horsesyou promised. First of all you should send Lu Bu a presentwhereby to engage his affections and keep him quiet whileyou deal with Liu Bei. 
 You can see to Lu Bu after this isdone, and Xuzhou is yours
 So yuan shu sends gifts and Yuan Shu told off one hundred thousand troops against Xiaopei. The armywas led by Ji Ling as commanding general, and Lei Bo andChen Lan as generals

 Liu bei asks lu bu for help, Lu bu agrees cuz he doesnt want yuan shu to meet up the mountain bandits---
 
 Lu Bu camped only half a mile away to thesouthwest. When Yuan Shu’s general, Ji Ling, heard of hisarrival, he wrote letters reproaching Lu Bu for his treachery.Lu Bu smiled as he read them
 
 
Pg 355- 358 - Lu bu middle mans Jiling liubei , gets peace 
Ji Ling goes back, tells yuan shu whos pissed
wants to attack both of them himself, Ji ling has a diff plan: 
But there is another course. I have found outthat his wife, Lady Yan, has a daughter just of marriageable
age; and as you have a son, you could arrange a marriage
alliance with Lu Bu. If his daughter wedded your son, LuBu would certainly slay your enemy for you. This is called‘Relative-above-Stranger’ plan
Sends, Han Yin to present it, 
ow Lu Bu had two wives and one
concubine. He frst married a lady of the Yan family, and she
was the legal wife. Then he took Diao Chan as a concubine.And while he was living at Xiaopei, he had married asecondary wife, a daughter of Cao Bao. Lady Cao had diedquite young leaving no issue. Neither had Diao Chan borneany children. So that Lu Bu had but one child, this daughter,of whom he was dotingly fond.
Lu Bu accepts, 
he wedding gifts were then prepared ready forHan Yin to take to the bride’s family.

Chen gong talks some shit with han yin and get lu bu to send his daughter ASAP, w Han yin, Song Xian and wei xu,
Chen Gui shows up, tells Lu Bu its  a bad idea cuz Yuan Shu means to call himself emperor and lu bu will be a rebel,
So Lu Bu sends Zhang Liao to go get the carriage, 
Then throws han yin in jail and writes a letter that shits delayed.

Song Xian and Wei Xu get robbed buying horses and claim zhang fei did it,
creates some beef with Lu bu and Liu bei again, Liu Bei flees to Xuchang/CaoCao.

Cao Cao was down to fight lu bu together but just then:
 Zhang Ji, who had goneto the attack of Nanyang, had been wounded by a strayarrow and had died. His nephew, Zhang Xiu, had succeeded
to the command of his army; and with Jia Xu as strategist,
Zhang Xiu had joined Liu Biao and camped at Wancheng.
They intended to attack the capital and get possession of theEmperor’s person

Cao cao dilemma, atk zhang xiu or lu bu, Xun yu says give lu bu a title and hes chill. General Who Pacies the East,
learns yuan shu is still going to declare himself emperor and puts meseenger to death. Han yin in cage,
sends to Cao Cao, who he kills. Cao Cao pleased lu and yuan broken up 

However, Chen Deng secretly told Cao Cao, saying, “LuBu is cruel, stupid, and facile. The longer he remains, theworse.”“I know Lu Bu quite well,” replied Cao Cao. “He is awolf with a savage heart, and it will be hard to feed him forlong. If it had not been for you and your father, I should nothave known all the circumstances and you must help me toget rid of him.

Yuan Shu advances on Xuzhou

Pg 375 CaoCao lose Dian wei to ZhangXiu (emergent faction)


Pg 387- Yuan Shu becoming emperor, and mentions lu bus daughter 
--hen Yuan Shu heard of the fate of his marriageambassador, Han Yin, who was sent to the capital and wasexecuted, Yuan Shu was very angry and began at once to planfor revenge. He made Zhang Xun his 
Grand Commander and gave Zhang Xun the command of more than twohundred thousand soldiers with the instruction to invadeXuzhou. 


Pg 397 LuBu and YangFengs  Han Xian  head?




416   Chapter 18
Yuan Shao requests Cao cao assistance to attack gongsunzan , but
CaoCao chooses to Attack LuBu , falsely promising aid to protect XuChang
from YuanShao


The real and dangerous enemy is Lu Bu,” said GuoJia. “When Yuan Shao has gone north to destroy GongsunZan, we ought to sweep away Lu Bu and so clear away our
danger from that side; for if this is not done, our attack on
Yuan Shao will be the signal for an attempt on the capital.That would be most serious.
. Xun Yu
was of opinion that they should rst secure the delity and
aid of Liu Bei. So letters were written, and they waited hisassurance before moving a soldier. Then, in order to reassureYuan Shao, his emissary was treated with great kindness,and a memorial presented to the Emperor asking extra
honors for him. Yuan Shao was made Imperial Protector of
the four northern regions---Jizhou, Qingzhou, Youzhou, and Bingzhou. With all this a private letter was written by CaoCao urging upon him to attack Gongsun Zan and promisingassistance. So Yuan Shao’s army started


PG 418 CH 18
--So CaoCao sends a fake messenger to get captured by LuBu (chen gong) with a reply saying
I have received your commands concerning thedestruction of Lu Bu, and dare I for a moment venture todisregard them? But my force is weak and I must act withextreme circumspection. If you move your main body, thenI will hasten forward, and in the meantime my army shall begot ready and weapons prepared. I await your command.”
Lu Bu was really alarmed, the wretches!” cried he. “To dare to act thus!
Then, 
Chen Gong and Zang Ba went to enlist the help of the Taishan Mountains bandits---Sun Guan,Wu Dun, Yin Li, and Chang Xi---so that they would takeYanzhou in the East of Huashang Mountains. Gao Shun andZhang Liao went to attack Liu Bei in Xiaopei
Song Xianand Wei Xu went west to attack Runan and Yingchuan. AndLu Bu took command of a large body of troops ready toafford help wherever needed

GuanYuandZhangFei Drive off Zhang Liao
CaoCao aids liu bei, hes worried of ZHang Xiu and LiuBiao on his back,
but XunYus like you recently fucked them up, so its chill

422
CaoCao and LiuBei march together (around Xiaopei)
Cao Xing Shoots out Xiahouduns eye 
LuBu beats Liubei out of Xiapoei, liubei flees to CaoCAo

Cheng Deng and Chen Gui plot against lubu and convince him to move
his family/supplies to Xia Pi incase he needs somewhere to fall back to.

O430 CH 19 - Traitor Cheng Deng and Chen Gui
Cheng Deng Muddles LuBu and Cheng Gong armies to attack one another
during the night.
They retreat to Xuzhou- where Mi Zhu has stolen back the city and locked him out
(they lie saying they killed Chen Gui )

Cheng Deng also tricks zhang liao and gao shun into meeting LuBu here

Leaving XiaoPei to CaoCaos control. LuBu flees to XiaPi.

434
-cao cao worried he would escape to yuan shu, so they guard the road.

Cao Cao surrounds XiaPi
"Cao Cao addressed him, saying, “When I heard that your family and that of Yuan Shu were likely to be united by marriage, I sent an army against you. Yuan Shu was guilty of treason, while you had to your credit on the destruction of Dong Zhuo. For what reason have you sacrificed all your merits to throw in your lot with a rebel? It will be over late to regret when this city shall have fallen. But if you 
surrender and help me to support the ruling house, you shall not lose your rank."
Cheng Gongs like fuck nah and shoots an arrow at cao cao 
(depth of winter)

Cheng gong wants lubu to go out and harrass/desroy enemy supplies,
but lubus wife lady yan and diaochan keeps guilt tripping him into staying inside.

Chen gong "“We shall die, and no one shall know our burial place,” said he"

438
LuBu tries to renew the marriage with yuan shu,

Yuanshu: “How is this?” said Yuan Shu. “Formerly he slew my messenger and repudiated the marriage. Now he sends to ask for it.”

“Lu Bu is unreliable. Tell him that I will send soldiers after the girl has arrived here.” This was final, and the two messengers took leave and headed back to Xiapi

Hao meng captured by zhang fei- tells marriage story to caocao/liubei
cao cao executes him ("he meng" is hao meng?)

LuBu cant get his daughter out of city.

441 Ch 19
Zhang Yang was going to rescue him, but assasinated by Yang Chou,who
brings head to CaoCAo.  Yang Chou had also been slain by Kui Gu, whos on
lubus side, trying to come to his aid.

GouJia drowns city .

Lubus sick of drinking himself to death, so he bans alcohol.

HouCheng loses 15 horses, then recovers them,
sends wine to lubu whos Pissed.
Wants him execute dbut wei xu, song xian defend him, so its 100 strokes.

HouCheng steals red hare, gives it to CaoCao and plan to surrender city.
Pg 446 CH19
WeiXu and SongXian Tie him up while sleeping.



CH 20 455
Guan Yu steps in and saves Zhang Liao,
Zhang Ba , Sun Guan WuDun yield to CaoCao, kindly treated.

Ppl wanted liubei to get back Xu, but CaocAo says he must be rewarded 
first then ssent back.
Appoints Che Zhou over Xu in the mean time.


pg457 liu bei style "imperial uncle" liked by the emperor 


DOng chengs plot stats 199 spring

CH 21 pg 486
Yijing Tower- gonsunzan defeated 

Stuff with yuan shao demanding yuan shu give up the seal

-- LiuBei gets an army from Cao Cao to cut off Yuan Shu from going
north , stationed back at Xu.
GouJia and Chengyu are like dude ur an idiot, get him back.
Sends XuChu, liubei tells xuchu to fuck off.


--Chzhou gives liubei Xu (che zhou is a vassal of cao cao) should still hold
some land in area.

 Zhang Fei cut down Ji Ling. 


Yuan Shu sought refuge in Jiangling
--many die of starvation 
Yuan Shu dies  It was the sixth month of the fourth year of Rebuilt Tranquillity (AD 199). 

Survived by Yuan Yin (nephew), Xu lan bring deals to Cao Cao

Cheng yu gets Che Zhou, to backstab LiuBei , but  Cheng Gui and Cheng Deng warn liu bei
(cuz cao cao wants his troops back)
Guan yu slays CheZhou

--things getting dicy in Xu, liu bei writes to yuan shao to attack CaoCao ( via Zheng Xuan)


-- pg 26 CH22
Liudai somehow still alive,
cao cao goes to attack liu bei (kong rong said dont atack yuan shao too strong)

-liubei confused by where on earth caocaos army is really,
sends guan yu (choice between zhang fei) to go scout
